what is up fellow interweb Ian's I'm
Logan the totally epic gamer and she's
playing some minecraft and I just wanted
to say that I'm gonna start a new whole
new server obviously because one point
is coming out and obviously I want to
get in on that so this there's gonna be
no more creeps and weirdos definitely
gonna get it when he gets updated whole
give me my first thing because this
thing was sweet so I figured I've just
kind of like chill out and say goodbye
to my world it's pretty sweet world I
actually started liking it I even made a
decent sized as i usually make house
like that you should i build underground
because i'm lazy as f and i don't really
care what it looks like but I even made
like a nice little house and that lets
me a while to build not that long but I
would longer than I take on most things
cuz i just don't like doing things so I
figured I would just fly around to my
little sky orb thing oh there we go
and figured I'd show you guys one cool
lasting and more creeps and weirdos mod
well it's when you have a sky gem you
see if it still works i'm not sure if
it'll still work hopefully it does you
can break the barrier yeah there's no
height limit for you when you have this
you just keep going up and up and up
pretty much breaks the game even as when
you have the the Horsehead gem thing
even that will actually I'm still right
above my house I can see it on the
mini-map still even with the Horsehead
gem thing it will still cap you edit a
certain height and this person I keep
going to see like my I don't know I
think it's a z-value is going up huge so
this is the last thing I want to show
you guys who needs a new height
forgetting system when it's just this is
easy anyways and here we go so as you
see it may look really friggin sketchy
like black particles doing I don't even
know what and yeah thanks for watching
guys and more creeps and weirdos will
come back when 1.8 has the whole update
everything hope you guys enjoyed that
and peace out minecraft for life gonna
get that tattooed on my back because I'm
super gangster yeah